Subtitles by explosiveskull
One. two. three.
four. five. six. seven. eight.
I'm sorry.
Don't worry.
Hey.
you're all right.
You're all right.
I promise.
Why didn't you
let her come?
Do you blame her
for what happened?
No.
Because she
blames herself.
It was no one's fault.
You still love her. right?
Of course I do.
You should tell her.
Shh...
It's okay. It's okay.
You're safe.
They can't hear us.
It worked.
You just need to rest now.
Where are they?
I'll find them.
No. she was with me.
She was with me. and...
And then I had to go
and do laundry. and...
He was with you.
How did he...
Rockets.
So he'd still be there.
- I'm sure he is.
- He knows to wait for you.
And she is...
She's smart. She'll
have found a place.
They know what to do.
It's a boy.
I could've carried him.
He was so heavy.
wasn't he?
I can still...
I can still feel
the weight in my arms.
Small. but
so heavy.
And my
hands were free.
I was carrying the bag.
but my hands were free.
You have to stop.
So. I could've
carried him.
I should've carried him.
Who are we
if we can't protect them?
Who are we?
You have to protect them.
Promise me
you will protect them.
Dad!
Subtitles by explosiveskull